Updating FAQs on anonymous vs identified events (#10188)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/data/anonymous-vs-identified-events.mdx

## Frequently asked questions

> <!---  General questions -->

Reviewer: These headings are useful. Let's change all of these to actual headings our users will see.

Note we'll need to modify all question headings to add an extra "#"
```suggestion
### General questions
```

> ### What can and can't I do with anonymous events?

Reviewer: Repeat for all questions
```suggestion
#### What can and can't I do with anonymous events?
```

## Frequently asked questions

### General questions

<details>

> <summary> What can and can't I do with anonymous events?</summary>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<summary> What can I do with anonymous events?</summary>
```

This is just easier to parse as a reader.

- Query the `persons` table using [SQL insights](/docs/product-analytics/sql)
- Use group analytics

</details>

<details>

> <summary>What can and can't I do with identified events?</summary>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<summary>What can I do with identified events?</summary>
```

<details>
<summary>Why am I seeing drops in my insights that rely on person properties?</summary>

If you have previously had your `person_profiles` config set to `always` and your `person_profiles` config is now set to `identified_only`, you will likely see a dip in your insights graph if the filter settings include a person property.

Insights using person properties in the filter settings will essentially be filtering on identified events, where the person profile linked to that event has the relevant property set.

Changing your `person_profiles` config to `identified_only` now means that there are fewer person profiles being created and being associated with events, and therefore fewer events to be included in your insight. The person profile won't exist until the person has been identified, which may happen at a later date or not happen at all. 

Depending on what you're trying to visualize, you may be able to use some of the properties on the events themselves to achieve a similar outcome – e.g. by filtering on the referring domain on the first ever pageview for each user, instead of the initial referrer person property.
</details>

###  Billing questions

<details>

> <summary>Why are identified events so much more expensive?</summary>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<summary>Why are identified events more expensive?</summary>
```

However, if you capture events using the `distinct_id` used in their previously identified person profile, the events are captured as identified events. You need to use a new `distinct_id` to capture events as anonymous events.

> <!---  Data questions -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Data questions
```

### Can identified events still be "anonymous"?

Yes, identified events can still be "anonymous" in the sense that they don't need to contain personal information such as name, email, or phone number. A person profile is still created for them, but it doesn't need to include any personal information.

> ### What happens to initial person properties when an anonymous user is identified? Do we get the initial person properties from the anonymous events?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How are initial person properties set when an anonymous user is identified?
```

> As person properties are not stored on anonymous events, we cannot get any initial person properties directly from those events. We store initial URL and initial referrer in [your persistence](docs/libraries/js#persistence) and from this we are able to derive the following values which are set when the person profile is created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As person properties are not stored on anonymous events, we cannot get any initial person properties directly from those events. Instead, we retrieve the initial person properties based on the values in the [persistence store].

We derive the following values from the persistence store:
```

 - `$initial_current_url`
 - `$initial_pathname`
 - `$initial_referrer`
 - `$initial_referring_domain`
 - `$initial_host`

>  - and any initial properties that can be derived from the URL i.e 
>     - `$initial_utm_campaign`
>     - `$initial_utm_content`
>     - `$initial_utm_medium`
>     - `$initial_utm_source`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - and any initial properties that can be derived from the URL e.g., `$initial_utm_campaign`, `$initial_utm_content`, `$initial_utm_medium`, `$initial_utm_source`
```

> <blockquote>
> Note that the above initial parameters will only work across subdomains if you're using `persistence: "localStorage+cookie"` (default) or `persistence: "cookie"`
> </blockquote>
> 
> Any other initial [person properties](product-analytics/person-properties#default-person-properties), including initial [GeoIP properties](https://posthog.com/docs/product-analytics/person-properties#geoip-properties) will be set from the values in the event at the time that the person profile was created (i.e. when the events became identified).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the above initial parameters will only work across subdomains if you're using `persistence: "localStorage+cookie"` (default) or `persistence: "cookie"`

Any other initial [person properties](product-analytics/person-properties#default-person-properties), including initial [GeoIP properties](https://posthog.com/docs/product-analytics/person-properties#geoip-properties) will be set from the values in the event at the time that the person profile was created i.e. when the events became identified.
```

> ### If we change our `person_profiles` config to `'always'` away from `'identify-only'`? Will we get all the person data from the previously captured anonymous events?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If we change our `person_profiles` config from `identified_only'`to `always`, will we get all the person data from the previously captured anonymous events?
```

> Anonymous events only capture the event data and none of the person data. If that person becomes identified at a later date, either by identifying them or changing your configuration settings, there isn't a way to retrieve what the person properties would have been at the time of those anonymous events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, anonymous events only capture the event data and none of the person data. If that person is identified at a later date – either by identifying them or changing your configuration settings – there isn't a way to retrieve the person properties from the previously captured anonymous events.
```

> <!---  Insights questions -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Insights questions
```

### Why am I seeing "Person without distinct_id" in my insights?

These are users who do not have a person profile and are anonymous users. We're aware that the wording here is confusing and are looking into updating this.

### Why am I seeing drops in my insights that rely on person properties?

If your insight is using a person property, then this relies on identified events. When using anonymous events, the person profile will not exist until the person has been identified and the events have become identified events. In some cases you may never identify a person, and in some cases you may identify a person at a later date.

> Depending on what you're trying to visualize, you may be able to use some of the properties on the events to achieve a similar outcome i.e. Looking at the referring domain on the first ever pageview for each user.

Reviewer: I dont really understand this answer. It doesnt really answer why there is a "drop" ?

Author: Basically if they have previously been using the default of `always` and they have now been switched to the default of `identified_only`, we are seeing some questions about 'drops' in the trends insight for example. If they have a trend insight looking at events which is filtering on a person property, this will see a drop at the time that we switched over the default to `identified_only` as those events no longer have person properties by default. Does that make sense? Maybe it's not super useful as a question at the moment as it should just be an immediate issue at the time of the switch over?

Author: I've tried to update the wording here. If you still think it's unclear then I may remove this question from the FAQ page altogether.

> <!---  Billing questions -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###  Billing questions
```

### How does my free allowance work for anonymous vs identified events?

Your first one million events each month are free, regardless if they are anonymous or identified. 

> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
